Here is how to get your Dislingo discord bot code to work
I would recommend using pycharm as you may need extra libraries for VSCODE

1. Install FFmpeg: https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/
    I downloaded ffmpeg-git-full.7z
    Once downloaded, extracted, and installed you must add FFmpeg to your System path (Different depending on os)
    Make sure ffmpeg is working by running this command in terminal ffmpeg -version

2. Terminal commands
Make sure you have the requirements.txt file in our github link and type "pip install -r requirements.txt" into terminal.
Making sure your on the right directory and have git installed

3. .env file
You need to find your own discord bot's token, chat and voice channel id's, and guild id.

Finding Token: Create discord bot by going to Discord developer portal: https://discord.com/developers/applications
                Click on New Application, Name your bot, Click create
                Go to "Bot" tab and click "Reset Token".
                Copy and replace DISCORD_TOKEN in env with your bots token
Adding the bot to a Discord server:
                Go to "OAuth2" tab and select "bot" under OAuth2 URL Generator.
                Below that, a "Bot Permissions" selection should appear. 
                Select "Send Messages", "Connect", "Speak", and "Use Voice Activity".
                Copy and paste the generated url at the bottom of the page to your browser.
                The website will prompt you on which server to add the bot to (assuming you have signed in).
Find channel ids:
                In discord application enable User Settings > Advanced > Developer Mode
                Right click on channel you want bot to type in and click copy ID, replace with DISCORD_GENERAL
                Same step with voice channels and replace id of that voice channel with DISCORD_VOICE_GENERAL
Server ID:
            Right-click on your server icon in Discord and select "Copy ID". Replace with DISCORD_GUILD.

4. Requirements
Python Version: 3.11

5. Errors?
If you get an error when typing !record and it says:
"discord.ext.commands.errors.CommandInvokeError: Command raised an exception: AttributeError: 'VoiceClient' object has no attribute 'start_recording'"
Type in terminal:
pip uninstall discord
pip uninstall py-cord
pip install py-cord